metrics: Monitor rate limit wait duration (#17567)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/observability/dashboards.md

<br />

#### repo-updater: github_graphql_rate_limit_wait_duration

This panel indicates time spent waiting for the GitHub graphql API rate limiter.

> Indicates how long we`re waiting on the rate limit once it has been exceeded`

Reviewer: Did you quote this on purpose? Or did you mean this:

```suggestion
Indicates how long we're waiting on the rate limit once it has been exceeded.
```

Author: We're, our doc generator seems to be doing this

Author: The generated docs look fine in the browser though
